We have buried we are run and we have tested our system and we have understood the different components
that are there in our system now while doing this.
We are to follow a lot of steps and those were all manual steps.
Now, if we have to repeatedly do that, so let's say we are creating a development environment or we're
creating a test environment or for that matter, if we're creating production environment, we will
have to repeat all these steps.
And if we could do that manually, this is not going to result into a consistent design.
So the results that we may get the day may not be consistent, as in sometimes we may be able to do
the right installation.
Sometimes some environment variable setting may be missing, so this is going to impede the way we develop
and test any system.
So that's the first thing that we are going to fix by using Docker containers.
So let's first take a look at the different problems to be fixed and then we will look at this solution.
So the first thing that we have to make sure when we are creating an environment is that we have the
right operating system and it does the right version and the all the patches that are needed in that
operating system.
They are all consistent.
Then we have to install a lot of software before we can build and run our systems.
And that's it.
If we are running out of application or running our application, we will need to install by A10.
You will need to install génique on for services, will have to install Java and if you are building,
it will have to install MAVEN for database will have to install Postgres or a single page application.
If you are hosting, it will have to host it on Engine X.
For all these all this software on different machines, we will have to make sure that we are installing
the right software and we are installing the correct version.
Once we are done with that installation, then we may need to configure the environment variable, so
we need to do that consistently.
So these are the things that we have to do in development, test and production environments whenever
we're creating these environments now in production environments, basically we have to do certain other
things also like starting monitoring and restarting applications.
It is not that we don't have to do that in different test environment, but a production environment.
We need automation so that we can do these things consistently and efficiently.
So we need some automation to start out instances where component instances when we are starting them,
we need some commands to start them and it should be all automated so that there is a consistent way
of starting and stopping a system.
We should be able to monitor our components and our record number of components.
We should be able to monitor them so that if service, some service goes down.
So we should be able to find that out in no time through an automation and that automation should be
able to restart our components.
So these are certain drawbacks that are dead in our system, which we can immediately fix by continue
raising the different components that are dead in our system.
So now what we're going to do is you're going to look into how we can containerised our entire system
so that we can operate more reliably.